GetInyokaStyles /usr/share/inyokaedit
inyokaedit.desktop /usr/share/applications
images/inyokaedit_64x64.png /usr/share/pixmaps
inyokaedit /usr/bin
man/man1/inyokaedit.1.gz /usr/share/man/man1
man/de/man1/inyokaedit.1.gz /usr/share/man/de/man1
apport/inyokaedit-crashdb.conf /etc/apport/crashdb.conf.d
apport/source_inyokaedit.py /usr/share/apport/package-hooks
lang/inyokaedit_de.qm /usr/share/inyokaedit/lang
images/iWikiLinks/askubuntu.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/bug.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/canonical.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/canonicalblog.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/debian.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/debian_de.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/dropbox.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/ean.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/edit-select-all.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/edubuntu.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/favicon.ico /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/fb.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/freshmeat.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/getdeb.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/github.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/googlecode.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/gplus.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/holarse.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/iawm.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/identica.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/internet-news-reader.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/internet.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/isbn.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/iWikiLinks.xml /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/kubuntu-de.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/kubuntu.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/kubuntu_doc.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/lastfm.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/launchpad.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/liflg.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/linuxgaming.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/lpuser.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/lubuntu.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/ml.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/office-calendar.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/osm.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/packages.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/playdeb.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/sourceforge.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/ticket.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/twitter.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/ubuntu.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/ubuntu_doc.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/ubuntu_fr.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/ubuntuone.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/ubuntustudio.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/uf_forum.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/uf_member.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/uf_thread.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/user.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/wikibooks.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/wikilogo_64.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/wikimedia.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/wikipedia.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/wikipedia_en.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/xubuntu.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
images/iWikiLinks/youtube.png /usr/share/inyokaedit/iWikiLinks
